
## The assingment solutions for option 1 and option 2 can be found in:

## 1- [`The Fibbonacci Sequence`](https://github.com/siudro/Fibonacci-sequence-)


*The Fibonacci sequence is the series of numbers*

*0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, ....*

*Formally, it can be expressed as:* 

*fib0 =0*

*fib1 =1*

*fibn = fibn−1 + fibn−2*

*Write a multithreaded program that generates the Fibonacci sequence. This program should work as 
follows: On the command line, the user will enter the number of Fibonacci numbers that the program 
is to generate. The program will then create a separate thread that will generate the Fibonacci numbers, 
placing the sequence in data that can be shared by the threads (an array is probably the most convenient 
data structure). When the thread finishes execution, the parent thread will output the sequence 
generated by the child thread. Because the parent thread cannot begin outputting the Fibonacci 
sequence until the child thread finishes, the parent thread will have to wait for the child thread to 
finish. Use the techniques described in Section 4.4 to meet this requirement.*

Solution for the fibonacci sequence can be found [here](https://github.com/siudro/Fibonacci-sequence-)


## 1- [`The Collatz Conjecture`](https://github.com/siudro/The-Collatz-conjecture)



*The Collatz conjecture concerns what happens when we take any positive integer n and apply the following algorithm:*

*n = n/2, if n is even*

*n = 3×n+1, if n is odd*

*The conjecture states that when this algorithm is continually applied, all positive integers will eventually reach 1. 
For example, if n = 35, the sequence is*
*35, 106, 53, 160, 80, 40, 20, 10, 5, 16, 8, 4, 2, 1.*

*Write a C program using the fork() system call that generates this sequence in the child process. The starting number will be provided from the command line. For example, if 8 is passed as a parameter on the command line, the child process will output 8, 4, 2, 1. Because the parent and child processes have their own copies of the data, it will be necessary for the child to output the sequence. Have the parent invoke the wait() call to wait for the child process to complete before exiting the program.
Perform necessary error checking to ensure that a positive integer is passed on the command line.* 

Solution for the collatz conjecture can be found [here](https://github.com/siudro/The-Collatz-conjecture)
